\n
url_effective:      %{url_effective}\n
ssl_verify_result:  %{ssl_verify_result}\n
content_type:       %{content_type}\n
filename_effective: %{filename_effective}\n
ftp_entry_path:     %{ftp_entry_path}\n
http_code:          %{http_code}\n
http_connect:       %{http_connect}\n
local_ip:           %{local_ip}\n
local_port:         %{local_port}\n
num_connects:       %{num_connects}\n
num_redirects:      %{num_redirects}\n
redirect_url:       %{redirect_url}\n
remote_ip:          %{remote_ip}\n
remote_port:        %{remote_port}\n
response_code:      %{response_code}\n
size_download:      %{size_download} bytes\n
size_header:        %{size_header} bytes\n
size_request:       %{size_request} bytes\n
size_upload:        %{size_upload} bytes\n
speed_download:     %{speed_download} bytes/s\n
speed_upload:       %{speed_upload} bytes/s\n
time_appconnect:    %{time_appconnect}s\n
time_connect:       %{time_connect}s\n
time_namelookup:    %{time_namelookup}s\n
time_pretransfer:   %{time_pretransfer}s\n
time_redirect:      %{time_redirect}s\n
time_starttransfer: %{time_starttransfer}s\n
time_total:         %{time_total}s\n
